[Music]
[Music] can you draw out Leviathan with a hook
can you draw out Leviathan with a hook
can you draw out Leviathan with a hook or snare his tongue with a line which
or snare his tongue with a line which
or snare his tongue with a line which you lower can you put a reed through his
you lower can you put a reed through his
you lower can you put a reed through his nose or pierce his jaw with a hook will
nose or pierce his jaw with a hook will
nose or pierce his jaw with a hook will he make many supplications to you will
he make many supplications to you will
he make many supplications to you will he speak softly to you will he make a
he speak softly to you will he make a
he speak softly to you will he make a covenant with you will you take him as a
covenant with you will you take him as a
covenant with you will you take him as a servant forever will you play with him
servant forever will you play with him
servant forever will you play with him as with a bird or will you leash him for
as with a bird or will you leash him for
as with a bird or will you leash him for your maintenance who your companions
your maintenance who your companions
your maintenance who your companions make a banquet of him
make a banquet of him
make a banquet of him will they apportion him among the
will they apportion him among the
will they apportion him among the merchants can you fill his skin with
merchants can you fill his skin with
merchants can you fill his skin with harpoons
harpoons
harpoons on his head with fishing Spears
lay your hand on him remember the battle
lay your hand on him remember the battle never do it again
never do it again
never do it again indeed any hope of overcoming him is
indeed any hope of overcoming him is
indeed any hope of overcoming him is false shall one not be overwhelmed at
false shall one not be overwhelmed at
false shall one not be overwhelmed at the sight of him no one is so fierce
the sight of him no one is so fierce
the sight of him no one is so fierce that he would dare stir him up who then
that he would dare stir him up who then
that he would dare stir him up who then is able to stand against me who has
is able to stand against me who has
is able to stand against me who has preceded me that I should pay him
preceded me that I should pay him
preceded me that I should pay him everything under heaven is mine I will
everything under heaven is mine I will
everything under heaven is mine I will not conceal his limbs his mighty power
not conceal his limbs his mighty power
not conceal his limbs his mighty power or his graceful proportions who can
or his graceful proportions who can
or his graceful proportions who can remove his outer coat who can approach
remove his outer coat who can approach
remove his outer coat who can approach him with a double bridle who can open
him with a double bridle who can open
him with a double bridle who can open the doors of his face with his terrible
the doors of his face with his terrible
the doors of his face with his terrible teeth all around his rows of scales are
teeth all around his rows of scales are
teeth all around his rows of scales are his pride shut up
his pride shut up
his pride shut up tightly as with a seal one is so near
tightly as with a seal one is so near
tightly as with a seal one is so near another that no air can come between
another that no air can come between
another that no air can come between them they are joined one to another they
them they are joined one to another they
them they are joined one to another they stick together and cannot be planted his
stick together and cannot be planted his
stick together and cannot be planted his sneezing's flash forth light and his
sneezing's flash forth light and his
sneezing's flash forth light and his eyes are like the eyelids of them
out of his mouth go burning lights
out of his mouth go burning lights sparks of fire shoot out smoke goes out
sparks of fire shoot out smoke goes out
sparks of fire shoot out smoke goes out of his nostrils as from a boiling pot
of his nostrils as from a boiling pot
of his nostrils as from a boiling pot and burning rushes his breath Kindles
and burning rushes his breath Kindles
and burning rushes his breath Kindles coals and a flame goes out of his mouth
coals and a flame goes out of his mouth
coals and a flame goes out of his mouth strengths dwells in his neck and sorrow
strengths dwells in his neck and sorrow
strengths dwells in his neck and sorrow dances before him the folds of his flesh
dances before him the folds of his flesh
dances before him the folds of his flesh are joined together they are firm on him
are joined together they are firm on him
are joined together they are firm on him and cannot be moved his heart is as hard
and cannot be moved his heart is as hard
and cannot be moved his heart is as hard as stone even as hard as the lower
as stone even as hard as the lower
as stone even as hard as the lower millstone when he raises himself up the
millstone when he raises himself up the
millstone when he raises himself up the mighty are afraid because of his
mighty are afraid because of his
mighty are afraid because of his crashings they are beside themselves
crashings they are beside themselves
crashings they are beside themselves though the sword reaches him it cannot
though the sword reaches him it cannot
though the sword reaches him it cannot avail nor despair dogs or javelin he
avail nor despair dogs or javelin he
avail nor despair dogs or javelin he regards iron as strong and bronze as
regards iron as strong and bronze as
regards iron as strong and bronze as rotten wood the arrow cannot make him
rotten wood the arrow cannot make him
rotten wood the arrow cannot make him flee sling stones become like stubble to
flee sling stones become like stubble to
flee sling stones become like stubble to him darts are regarded as strong
him darts are regarded as strong
him darts are regarded as strong laughs of the threat of javelins his
laughs of the threat of javelins his
laughs of the threat of javelins his undersides are like sharp potsherds he
undersides are like sharp potsherds he
undersides are like sharp potsherds he spreads pointed marks in the mile he
spreads pointed marks in the mile he
spreads pointed marks in the mile he makes the deep boil like a pot he makes
makes the deep boil like a pot he makes
makes the deep boil like a pot he makes the sea like a pot of wine he leaves a
the sea like a pot of wine he leaves a
the sea like a pot of wine he leaves a shining wake behind him one would think
shining wake behind him one would think
shining wake behind him one would think the deal at white hair on earth there is
the deal at white hair on earth there is
the deal at white hair on earth there is nothing like him which is made without
nothing like him which is made without
nothing like him which is made without fear he beholds every high thing he is
fear he beholds every high thing he is
fear he beholds every high thing he is king over all the children of pride